Create the components that it's going to contain all teams.
So OK I'm going to go right here.
And first we need to get a team to do create a component that it's going to host all the teams.
So I'm going to say import and then just teams from and then teams.
No we didn't have this component we're going to create it in a second.
We need to set a route for this.
So I'm going to say route and the route is going to be exact and we can have a path for this.
Of course the path is going to be teams and we're going to use a component whenever we call to this
route that is going to be component equals two teams and then we just close it right using teams with
a capital T.
Let me just change it.
Good.
So now what need do we need to create this component and this component is going to do a lot of things.
So it's going to be a class based component going to go right here to components and are going to create
a team teams component teams now.
JS Right.
So again since this is a class based component we're going to bring a lot of things are going to import
react and then just component from re-act component and it's going to be from react.
Now we're going to use a few things each image.
Each team is going to be a link.
So I'm going to go right ahead and just import link from re-act router link right.
It's going to be from and then just react.
Router dong do.
No no.
OK.
We're going to use US rescissions group.
So I'm going to import it and they're going to say C Ss and then transmission and then grew up.
Grow up.
Very good.
And it's going to be from an again react Dorsch transmission dodge and grew up OK.
So this should be right.
Now let's create the class that's going to be a class and the name is going to have is going to be teams
is going to extend the component.
OK.
Now what we need to do we need to call to a render method is going to be rendered.
And inside the render we can return some GSX.
So for now we're going to put it Dave that sits teams and says we need to make this component available.
So I'm going to say export than default and then teams sorry and reload the page.
And in theory you should be working.
If I go to teams we get teams get.
So that is good.
So what is the first thing that we need to do.
We need to at least render something right here.
So I'm going to go right here to the component and I'm going to start creating this.
This elements.
So first the class name the main wrapper is going to be teams components.
Now this steam component is going to have an input to go to here we have an input.
OK so I'm going to create a wrapper for the input.
So it's going to be dev that the class name equals to no team teams input from start.
This input is going to have.
This container is going to have an input and it's going to be type and then just text and then we just
close the.
Of course then we can add more things.
I'm going to add the placeholder right now.
Can you just bring that bring this down.
And then just right here you can add placeholder.
And this is going to be equal to search for for a team and we're going to do that one.
OK let's get.
And then after the impled you can have a container div that's going to it's going to contain all the
teams.
So I'm going to say class name equal to teams container.
Again makes sense right here.
You can have a list of teams and we need to do a lot of things first.
The first thing the first thing that we need to do is that since this is a class component and begin
to use the state I'm going to bring the constructor and the constructor is going to receive some prompts.
And then again inside we can have the super props write this constructor.
This component is going to have a state.
So I'm going to say this that state calls to something or whatever the application loads we want to
run inside a component.
We're going out we're going to run a fetch that is going to grab the list of all the teams and whenever
we get the list we can save them inside a state and the state is going to be teams.
Since this is an array we're going to just start as an empty array get the next one whenever we filter
the teams we want to grab that list of all the teams as reference.
We want to filter and get maybe one for example if I say Celtic is going to Filcher and get one as a
result.
So we will grab this result and put that result inside a different state and teams get stays on mutated
so we can say for it right.
It is one again just empty array.
Now whenever we type write something right here this component is going to be a control component so
we can just pass we can to use the value for the inputs through react and through state.
So I'm going to say keyboard's.
So we did this many times.
That's why I'm going a little bit fast.
OK.
So why do we need to do now we need to fetch the list of teams right.
Because it's the first thing we eat before we get started.
So I'm going to call this component
component and then just didn't mount that mount.
And after this gets triggered begin to do the fetch says we need.
And you were able to do the fetch you once you created a verbal right here that is going to host all
the you or else it's going to host a lot of teams.
Of course it's going to be teams.
There you go.
And the URL in my case is going to be a local host three thousand five and then just teams that are
going to do a fetch just like we did before.
Same idea is going to say fetch and fetch is going to have a you're just going to be this you are l.
So I'm going to copy and paste Burguet for now not doing nothing you say.
I'm going fast.
So we have a method and the method is going to be get get.
Now whenever we we fetch this we want to grab our response from the body.
I'm going to say then something is moving the furniture in a nice time to do it.
It's going to say then and then just responds with a response.
Of course we can get around that response and convert it.
Convert everything to Jaison whenever we get this states on we want to run a callback.
So it's going to be then and then just open close.
We use Jaison we're going to run the callback right here.
OK.
So this is good.
We know how to do this but did this many times.
Now what is going to happen whenever we get the information from the Jason we want to store in the state
the state of teams which is going to be equal to all the teams and then filtered into host went to save
all the teams inside fizzer.
So whatever the application loads is going to grab the filters as an argument can loop the filtered
and it's going to show all the teams.
That is what's going happen on the first on the first loading when the app loads.
Then if you do something else we've changed as we want.
Grab the teams that contains all the teams.
You know this is to not to make a new network quest.
You grab the list of all the teams with flittered and we store it inside Filcher and now the application
is going to render is going to grab maybe just one or two teams we have inside filtered it is going
to show the new state right since we need to set state is going to say this.
That said state and inside said state you want to set state of teams equal to Jaison and that the set
of the Filcher going to be altered and is going to be equal to Jason which is pretty much the whole
list.
All right so now we get to need to show something a list we are going to be using the CSSA from sessions
group but not for now.
I'm just going to render a list just to make sure that everything is working fine.
So I'm going to open and close and right here we want to bring the list.
So I'm going to say render list this list is going to grab this state as arguments.
So we're going to say this in that state.
OK so I'm going to go right here and create a function that is going to loop this list.
So I'm going to say Wunderlist is one is going to be equal to a function.
This function is going to grab the state as an argument and the data we want.
It's going to be inside filtered.
So we're going to use destructuring and call the filter.
Nice you know get get you're going fast if you can't understand everything I'm doing.
Congratulations.
So I'm going to say return and we want to return whenever we want to filter.
So we're going to call to have map so we can say filtered Dionte map and inside the map of course we
pass an item and we run an anonymous function.
OK we want to return some GSX of course and whenever we return the GSX we want to return a link you
know each image.
Each team is going to go to a place so say two equal to and open close.
OK so one second find it it's video went along.
So let's go to the next section and just continue with this map.